Provide an `embed` engine to embed external file verbatim (#2076)
yihui/knitr: NEWS.md

  
  This engine also works for other types of documents (e.g., `Rnw`) but it will not allow for nested code chunks within the `verbatim` engine.

> - Added a new engine named `embed` to embed external plain-text files. It is essentially a simple wrapper based on the `verbatim` engine, with the chunk content read from an external file. That is,
> 
>   ````
>   ```{embed, file="foo.R"}
>   ```
>   ````
>   
>   is equivalent to
>   
>   ````
>   ```{verbatim, code=xfun::read_utf8("foo.R")}
>   ```
>   ````
>   
>   If you provide the chunk option `file` to the `embed` engine, it will read the file and show its content verbatim in the output document. Alternatively, you can specify the file path in the chunk body, e.g.,
>   
>   ````
>   ```{embed}
>   "foo.txt"
>   ```
>   ````
>   
>   The quotes are optional but can be helpful for editors (e.g., RStudio IDE) to autocomplete the file paths.
>   
>   The syntax highlighting language name is from the filename extension by default, and you can override it with the chunk option `lang` (e.g., `file = "foo.sh", lang = "bash"`).
> 

Reviewer: We should change with this new file option, shouldn't we ? 

`````suggestion
- Added a new engine named `embed` to embed external plain-text files. It is essentially a simple wrapper based on the `verbatim` engine, with the chunk content read from an external file and default language guessed from file extension. That is,

  ````
  ```{embed, file="foo.R"}
  ```
  ````
  
  is equivalent to
  
  ````
  ```{verbatim, file = "foo.R", lang = "r"}
  ```
  ````
  
 If you provide the chunk option `file` to the `embed` engine, it will read the file and show its content verbatim in the output document. Alternatively, you can specify the file path in the chunk body, e.g.,
  
  ````
  ```{embed}
  "foo.txt"
  ```
  ````
  
  The quotes are optional but can be helpful for editors (e.g., RStudio IDE) to autocomplete the file paths.
  
  The syntax highlighting language name is from the filename extension by default, and you can override it with the chunk option `lang` (e.g., `file = "foo.sh", lang = "bash"`) which is then identical to the `verbatim` engine.

`````
